Add docs for JS self-profiling API (#37796)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/js_self-profiling_api/profile_content_and_format/index.md

![Diagram of a profile](profile.svg)

The timestamp is a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} which measures milliseconds since the _time origin_: for a window context, this is the time the window was created (if the window is new) or the time the browser started navigating to this document.

The call stack is a representation of the JavaScript call stack, which enables you to understand the execution path to the program's location at the point that the sample was taken.

The call stack consists of an array of stack frames. A stack frame essentially represents a nested function call, so if function `a()` calls function `b()`, which calls function `c()`, and a sample is taken while the browser is executing `c()`, then the call stack will consist of frames `[a, b, c]`:

```js
function c() {
  // sample taken here
}

function b() {
  c();
}

function a() {
  b();
}
```

Each stack frame contains information about the location of its corresponding function in the program:

> - The URL of the script

Reviewer: similar to the other comment - this is not the URL but an index to the URL of the script

    - `column`: the column number of the function definition.
    - `line`: the line number of the function definition.
    - `name`: the name of the function.
    - `resourceId`: the index of an item in `resources`, representing the URL of the script in which the function is defined.

    Only `name` is always present: if the function is not defined in a script (for example, if it is a function that's built into the browser) then the other three properties are omitted.

- `resources`
  - : An array of strings, each representing the URL of a script.
- `samples`
  - : An array of object, each containing two properties:
    - `timestamp`: the time at which the sample was taken.
    - `stackId`: the index of an element in the `stacks` array.
- `stacks`
  - : An array of objects, each containing two properties:
    - `frameId`: the index of an element in `frames` which represents the most-nested frame in the stack.
    - `parentId`: the index of another entry in `stacks`, which represents the call stack up to but not including the frame represented by `frameId`. This is not present if the frame represented by `frameId` was at the top level of the stack.

> ## An example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Example
```

Maybe? Feels more consistent with the other headings.

```js
// main.js

import { genPrimes } from "./generate.js";

async function handleClick() {
  const profiler = new Profiler({ sampleInterval: 10, maxBufferSize: 10000 });

  const primes = genPrimes();
  console.log(`Finished generating ${primes.length} primes!`);

  const trace = await profiler.stop();
  console.log(JSON.stringify(trace));
}

document.querySelector("#generate").addEventListener("click", handleClick);
```

The "generate.js" script generates the primes, organized into two functions, `genPrimes()` and `isPrime()`:

```js
// generate.js

const MAX_PRIME = 1000000000;
const PRIMES_QUOTA = 10000;

function isPrime(n) {
  for (let i = 2; i <= Math.sqrt(n); i++) {
    if (n % i === 0) {
      return false;
    }
  }
  return n > 1;
}

export function genPrimes() {
  const primes = [];
  while (primes.length < PRIMES_QUOTA) {
    const candidate = Math.floor(Math.random() * MAX_PRIME);
    if (isPrime(candidate)) {
      primes.push(candidate);
    }
  }
  return primes;
}
```

> If we run this code, we'll get a profile that's something like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If we run this code, a profile such as the one below will be logged to the developer tools console:
```
